Imad Lahoud was born in Beirut on 7 October 1967. His family, Francophile for generations, decided to move to Paris when he was still young. In 1985, he obtained his baccalaureate and continued his studies in preparatory classes for higher education. Unfortunately, he failed the entrance exam for engineering schools. Moreover, his father's health, suffering from cancer, deteriorated rapidly, which greatly affected the young man's concentration.

However, Imad Lahoud was able to rely on his skills in physics and the support of his teacher at the time to enter the prestigious MIP (inter-university physics master's degree). His efforts were rewarded in 1989 with a DEA in physics, followed the next year by a DEA in mathematics with distinction.
With these degrees, Imad Lahoud began to take an interest in the world of finance. While continuing to teach mathematics and correct physics papers in higher mathematics classes, he continued his apprenticeship in the financial field. His atypical background will allow him to distinguish himself in this sector.

Imad Lahoud, cybersecurity expert at EADS
Imad Lahoud worked for EADS from February 2003 to December 2007. During his tenure, he wrote several memos on the legal conditions for the creation of investment funds for Airbus. His financial arrangements allowed EADS to get involved in some funds and not in others, a strategy that proved to be effective.
Imad Lahoud was also one of the research directors at the joint institute in Suresnes at EADS. In this role, he set up a cybersecurity team and restructured the entire research department alongside his boss Yann Barbot. Many important projects have been entrusted to the head of information systems security at EADS.
The cyber security team led by Imad Lahoud discovered a major security flaw in the BlackBerry mobile phone. This discovery was very important because, at the time, the BlackBerry was used by millions of people around the world, including politicians and executives.

Imad Lahoud's mathematics degree
Imad Lahoud, after working at EADS, decided to return to his mathematical roots at the end of 2007. He chose to take the agrégation in mathematics at the University of Paris-Diderot and passed the exam with flying colours in 2009. On this occasion, he was appointed teacher at the Lycée Racine in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, where he taught a class of 1ère scientifique and another in literature as a trainee.
After a rigorous inspection by an Inspector General, he was selected to teach in various preparatory schools, including the HEC prep school at the Lycée Chaptal in Paris 8. Although teaching is not his favourite job, Imad Lahoud holds this position with competence.

